Add tip for NuGet packages (#45104)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/redirect-assembly-versions.md

 For example, if your app references types in the System.XML namespace and was built by using .NET Framework 4.5, it contains static references to the System.XML assembly that ships with runtime version 4.5. If you want to redirect the binding reference to point to the System.XML assembly that ships with .NET Framework 4, you can put redirect information in the app configuration file. A binding redirection in a configuration file for a unified .NET Framework assembly cancels the unification for that assembly.

 In addition, you might want to manually redirect assembly binding for third-party assemblies if there are multiple versions available.

> [!TIP]

> > If you update a NuGet package that your app references and then start to see new errors, you might need to enable automatic binding redirects or manually add a binding redirect. For example, the following app config file excerpt adds a binding redirect for the [System.Memory package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Memory):

Reviewer: Consider the following.  Trying to improve SEO.

```suggestion
> If you update a NuGet package that your application references indirectly and start to see new errors like `FileLoadException`, `MissingMethodException`, `TypeLoadException`, or `FileNotFoundException`, you might need to enable automatic binding redirects or manually add a binding redirect. This is normal when updating NuGet packages and is a result of some packages being built against an older version of a dependency.  The following app config file excerpt adds a binding redirect for the [System.Memory package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Memory):
```

 If a publisher policy file exists for an assembly, the runtime checks this file after checking the assembly's manifest and app configuration file. Vendors should use publisher policy files only when the new assembly is backward compatible with the assembly being redirected.

 You can bypass publisher policy for your app by specifying settings in the app configuration file, as discussed in the [Bypass publisher policy](#bypass-publisher-policy) section.

> ## Redirect versions at the app level

Reviewer: I wonder if we also need to cover cases where the project author does not own the application.

Tests, plugins, or libraries used by some other component.
For tests we expect folks to generate a .dll.config and most test existing unit frameworks will honor these when loading tests.
For plugins they may also honor .dll.config or they may not.  The only fool-proof mechanism for redirects is by providing bindingRedirects on AppDomain creation.

Some might try to solve this problem with AssemblyResolve handlers, but this will not work since those only are called on a failed load.  If an assembly load succeeds - either because it was loaded by another assembly, the host, or was present in the GAC an AssemblyResolve handler will not be called.
